refactor: removed qa build type (#100)
surfstudio/surf-flutter-app-template: README.md

### Flavors

The project has two flavors: `dev` and `prod`. The `dev` flavor is used by default.
The guide to adding flavors can be found [here](docs/flavors.md).

> There are cases when you need to add different functionality for debug and qa mode. For example, if you need different logging or feature-toggle options. Then you need to add the qa mode to the `enum BuildType` and create a `main_qa.dart` file with the `main()` function in the `lib/` folder. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are cases when you need to add different functionality for `dev` and `qa` mode. For example, if you need different logging or feature-toggle options. Then you can add the `qa` mode to the `enum BuildType` and create a `main_qa.dart` file with the `main()` function in the `lib/` folder. For example:
```
